when I heard that celebrity fitness
trainer David Kirsch helps his a-list
clients kick-start their weight loss
routine with a 48-hour cleanse that's
not only safe and tastes delicious but
also helps you drop a couple pounds I
had to try it
with most risk lenses I have to keep
track of like six different bottles
during the day each having something
different in them and they don't always
taste that great so with this it's
simple its straightforward and it's a
little refreshing treat for yourself
during the day so here's the deal you
lose weight excess bloat and puffiness
quickly because this is designed to help
flush out toxins and impurities very
fast you're essentially giving your body
a 48 hour break from digesting food and
instead you're going to feed your system
with supercharged liquid nutrients
minerals and antioxidants you're getting
a very best support for proper liver
colon and kidney cleansing from things
like acai berry milk thistle and
cranberry extract plus it's a natural
appetite suppressant with added fiber so
it's going to help curb those cravings
and keep you feeling full so you're not
starving it tastes like pink lemonade
and it's really easy to get started for
two days you're going to replace every
meal with a detox drink so breakfast
lunch snack and dinner you're just going
to mix 4 ounces of the drink mix I love
that this bottle has it measured there
for you with four ounces of water and
that's it it's super easy to keep track
of you just keep it with you and you sip
it slowly during the day you need to
drink plenty of water throughout the day
to avoid dehydration and if you're
really feeling like going for it and
burning some extra calories try David's
famous fat-burning thermo bubbles we
feature these before they're really
popular you can do it in addition to
your detox drink for a little added
boost if the thought of not eating food
for two days is a little intimidating or
it sounds too much for you I get it I
asked David and you said it's okay to
incorporate a green juice without sugar
or if you want to munch on some green
veggies or some celery that's okay but
really try not to the point is to give
your system arrest I like to follow this
cleanse with a probiotic supplement your
system is being cleaned out so a
probiotic will help boost your immune
system it's going to help restore your
body's balance so you continue to feel
and healthy it's only two days it's not
a huge commitment like other cleanses
before you know it you're done you're
energized you've lost a couple pounds
you've shrunk your waistline and you're
back on track